Have you ever seen the ohms law formula will? Do you know how it works? Well, we're going to talk about that in this video. So ohms law is voltage is equal to current times resistance. Now, if you want to use this circle, it really helps you to calculate voltage, current, or resistance easily. Let's say if you don't want to rearrange the formula, here's what you can do. So let's start with current. If we want to calculate current, place your finger on the current. So this disappears. Now notice what you see left over. Voltage divided by resistance. So the current is V over R. Now let's say if you want to calculate the resistance, what you want to do is place your finger over the letter R. So we're going to block it out. And what do you see left over? We have V on top, I on the bottom. So what that tells us is that the resistance is voltage divided by current. Now let's say if we want to calculate the voltage. Place your finger on V and see what's left over. We have I times R. So we get this form of voltage is equal to I times R or current times resistance. So this type of formula will can be applied to any equation that looks like this. So I'll give you another example. Here's another common formula. Power is equal to voltage times current. So we can create a power formula will, which looks very similar. So if we want to calculate the voltage, we're going to block out V and we have P over I. So the voltage is power divided by current. If we want to calculate the current, we can block out I or put our finger on it. And we see current is power over voltage. So that's how you could use a formula will like this to rearrange a formula to calculate the other things like voltage, current, or even power. Now for those of you who want example problems on solving circuits dealing with Ohm's law or even circuits that involve the calculation of electrical power, feel free to check out the links in the description section below. I'm going to be posting some videos there. Thanks for watching.